Create 2024-02-04-fosdem24.adoc (#6998)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/_data/events/2024-02-04-fosdem24.adoc

---
title: "FOSDEM'24"
location: "Brussels, Belgium"

> date: "2024-02-03T09:00:00"

Reviewer: Fix my earlier mistake
```suggestion
date: "2024-02-04T09:00:00"
```

> date: "04-February-2024T09:00:00"

Reviewer: Date needs to be in official format
```suggestion
date: "2024-02-03T09:00:00"
```

link: "https://fosdem.org/2024/"
---

> Day 2 of FOSDEM'24. Swing by Jenkins stand in builing K, level 1 and take home some stickers!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Day 2 of FOSDEM'24. Visit the Jenkins stand in building K, level 1 and take home some stickers!
```
